Peru took the first step for the
development of the aeronautical industry
national maintenance service
Air Force presented the two models of
plane that will be manufactured in our
country
and
it is called antarki which is the first plane
with a Peruvian stamp that will soon be
incorporated into the training of pilots of
the air force is a designed aircraft
clearly for primary instruction
that is to learn to fly
for the students and he's just going to want the
experience of being able to fly
These are designed certificate
which it has safely
that outperform many airplanes this
segment not of this error in your
construction intervened 11
Service specialists
maintenance of the professional fab and
technicians who traveled to canada to
assemble all parts of the plane the
staff that went to canada has more than
20 years working as tourists
Avionics and the speaker is 30 years old
of service I am a specialist my
specialty industrial engineer the
main feature of this
aircraft is its low cost of operation and
can become a platform
air for other services is
consuming 5.5 gallons of fuel
per hour
which represents tremendous savings in the
primary education phase in alliance
with the university wings peruvian the fab
join this year six aircraft with
these characteristics and in the year 2014
will begin the co-production of 20 aircraft
Here you 1p in partnership with the company
Korean korea aerospace industries let's go
to manufacture parts for these aircraft
let's do sub assemblies and the
final assembly with the tests
end of the aircraft in the country the
new fleet will partly cover the demand
to instruct more students in strength
and show that in Peru
they can do very good things and compete
internationally